Rework binary-search documentation (#2220)
exercism/problem-specifications: exercises/binary-search/instructions.md

# Instructions

Your task is to implement a binary search algorithm.

> A binary search algorithm sorts a list by repeatedly splitting it in half, only keeping the half which contains the item we're looking for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A binary search algorithm finds an item in a list by repeatedly splitting it in half, only keeping the half which contains the item we're looking for.
```

I don't think I could truthfully say that binary search sorts the list; instead, the list already has to be sorted (that fact is already mentioned below)

It allows us to quickly narrow down the possible locations of our item until we find it, or until we've eliminated all possible locations.

```exercism/caution
Binary search only works when a list has been sorted.

> ```

Reviewer 2: The [admonition spec] says these should be 4 tildes as this doesn't seem like an exceptional circumstance: https://github.com/exercism/docs/blob/main/building/markdown/markdown.md#special-blocks-sometimes-called-admonitions
